Hello guys
today I want to show you in
transformation I did a long skirt
I made this transformation today in this
skirt or pretty fast
this skirt of my sister she was not
More like this skirt control and not
liked and then she decided to transform
In a dress , you're invested.
Then I put this parsley
the ribbon is a tough stick tape
I put the salsa put these two
pearly buttons that enhance every
I left those tips so
also that everyone is only can she can
use putting a cent even put 15
here is a color that really puts 15
waist strap accepted with strap stays
It's beautiful too and you can wear it too.
She looks beautiful without letting go.
for those who do not know how to sew is that's
easy you have to nail first
subject to the date of the tape that I
put the two ends together forming
from behind
Look, it's just like that.
also understands the streets behind
after having people try and
your vest and you take a pin
pinned a handle at the height that will give
the person
Then through this discharge you go
emitting the height of the other handle is together
with that will put on the handle so
dismissing to stay at the same time and
after you pin the two
handles you pass the seam to not leave
of the place and then put the two buttons
I thought you were pulling on that dress with
very cool to put it hanging like this
for you won in dollar and yen
the capetinha you of his hanging
there are two kpmg here
and it will work just like this
tablet and you have to apply this girardi né
To give you some laughter open.
It's good to put here, kills, hang here in the
locker here in the closet to
To be more disappointed is not for you to see
best
Look how this destiny has been
Well, pretty well, I think it's okay.
cool
so I hope you have enjoyed the
my idea
You make the exit you guys my
favorite video and share
enroll in the channel then to the people
next video stay with god pain week
for you all